docs: Document that casks should pass GateKeeper (#14255)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Acceptable-Casks.md

+ The author has [specifically asked us not to include it](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/5342).
+ App requires [SIP to be disabled](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/41890) to be installed and/or used.
+ App installer is a `pkg` that requires [`allow_untrusted: true`](https://docs.brew.sh/Cask-Cookbook#pkg-allow_untrusted).

> + App works on Homebrew supported macOS versions and platforms with GateKeeper enabled.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this go somewhere other than in the list of reasons to reject a cask?

Reviewer: Or invert it:
```suggestion
+ App does not run on Homebrew-supported macOS versions and platforms with GateKeeper enabled.
```

Reviewer: #14256
